1. We use the formal "you" (i.e. "вы" instead of "ты") to keep the neutral tone.
     However, don't make the text too formal to keep it more engaging.

2. Don't translate industry-accepted acronyms. e.g. TPU or GPU.

3. The Russian language accepts English words especially in modern contexts more than 
    many other languages (i.e. Anglicisms). Check for the correct usage of terms in 
    computer science and commonly used terms in other publications.

4. Russian word order is often different from English. If after translating a sentence
    it sounds unnatural try to change the word or clause order to make it more natural.

5. Beware of "false friends" in Russian and English translations. Translators are trained 
    for years to specifically avoid false English friends and avoid anglicised translations.
    e.g. "точность" is "accuracy", but "carefulness" is "аккуратность". For more examples refer to:
    http://falsefriends.ru/ffslovar.htm

6. Keep voice active and consistent. Don't overdo it but try to avoid a passive voice.

7. Refer and contribute to the glossary frequently to stay on top of the latest
    choices we make. This minimizes the amount of editing that is required.

8. Keep POV consistent.

9. Smaller sentences are better sentences. Apply with nuance.

10. If translating a technical word, keep the choice of Russian translation consistent.
   This does not apply for non-technical choices, as in those cases variety actually
   helps keep the text engaging.

11. This is merely a translation. Don't add any technical/contextual information
    not present in the original text. Also don't leave stuff out. The creative
    choices in composing this information were the original authors' to make.
    Our creative choices are in doing a quality translation.

12. Be exact when choosing equivalents for technical words. Package is package.
      Library is library. Don't mix and match. Also, since both "batch" and "package"
      can be translated as "пакет", use "батч" for "batch" and "пакет" for "package" to
      avoid ambiguity.

13. Library names are kept in the original forms, e.g. "🤗 Datasets", however,
      the word dataset in a sentence gets a translation to "датасет".

14. As a style choice prefer the imperative over constructions with auxiliary words
      to avoid unnecessary verbosity and addressing of the reader, which seems 
      unnatural in Russian. e.g. "см. главу X" - "See chapter X" instead of 
      "Вы можете найти это в главе X" - "You can see this in chapter X".