1. We use the informal "you" (i.e. "Du" instead of "Sie") to keep the tone jovial.
     However, don't use slang or local language, so use the correct form of "als", 
     and "wie" rather than the locally accepted form.

2. Don't translate industry-accepted acronyms. e.g. TPU or GPU.

3. The German language accepts English words especially in modern contexts more than 
    many other languages (i.e. Anglicisms). Check for the correct usage of terms in 
    computer science and commonly used terms in other publications.

4. Beware of "false friends" in German and English translations. Translators are trained 
    for years to specifically avoid false English friends and avoid anglicised translations.
    e.g. "Daten" is "data", but "dates" is "Termine". For more examples refer to:
    https://lal.de/blog/false-friends-falsche-freunde/

5. Keep voice active and consistent. Don't overdo it but try to avoid a passive voice.

6. Refer and contribute to the glossary frequently to stay on top of the latest
    choices we make. This minimizes the amount of editing that is required.

7. Keep POV consistent.

8. Smaller sentences are better sentences. Apply with nuance.

9. If translating a technical word, keep the choice of German translation consistent.
   This does not apply for non-technical choices, as in those cases variety actually
   helps keep the text engaging.

10. This is merely a translation. Don't add any technical/contextual information
    not present in the original text. Also don't leave stuff out. The creative
    choices in composing this information were the original authors' to make.
    Our creative choices are in doing a quality translation.

11. Be exact when choosing equivalents for technical words. Package is package.
      Library is library. Don't mix and match.

12. Library names are kept in the original forms, e.g. "🤗 Datasets", however,
      the word dataset in a sentence gets a translation to "Datensatz".

13. As a style choice prefer the imperative over constructions with auxiliary words
      to avoid unnecessary verbosity and addressing of the reader, which seems 
      unnatural in German. e.g. "Siehe Kapitel X" - "See chapter X" instead of 
      "Dies kannst du in Kapitel X sehen" - "You can see this in chapter X".

14. Be careful with sentences using "wir", which can seem unnatural at best and 
      condescending at worst in German.