1. Use this style guide for Persian. https://apll.ir/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/D-1394.pdf
    We deviate from this style guide in the following ways:
      - Use 'ء' as a possessive suffix instead of 'ی'

    Pages 22-24 deal with prefixes and suffixes.
    Page 10 deals with spacing.

2. Don't translate industry-accepted acronyms. e.g. TPU or GPU.

3. Translate acronyms used for convenience in English to full Persian form. e.g. ML

4. Keep voice active and consistent. Don't overdo it but try to avoid a passive voice.

5. Refer and contribute to the glossary frequently to stay on top of the latest
    choices we make. This minimizes the amount of editing that is required.

6. Keep POV consistent.

7. Smaller sentences are better sentences. Apply with nuance.

8. If translating a technical word, keep the choice of Persian equivalent consistent.
    If workspace is mohit-e-kari don't just switch to faza-ye-kari. This ofc
    does not apply for non-technical choices, as in those cases variety actually
    helps keep the text engaging.

9. This is merely a translation. Don't add any technical/contextual information
    not present in the original text. Also don't leave stuff out. The creative
    choices in composing this information were the original authors' to make.
    Our creative choices are in doing a quality translation.

10. Note on translating indefinite articles(a, an) to Persian. Persian syntax does
      not have these. Common problem in translations is using
      the equivalent of 'One'("Yek", "Yeki") as a direct word-for-word substitute
      which makes for ugly Persian. Be creative with Persian word order to avoid this.

      For example, the sentence "we use a library" should be translated as
      "ما از کتابخانه‌ای استفاده می‌کنیم" and not "ما از یک کتابخانه استفاده می‌کنیم".
      "Yek" here implies a number(1) to the Persian reader, but the original text
      was emphasizing the indefinite nature of the library and not its count.

11. Be exact when choosing equivalents for technical words. Package is package.
      Library is library. Don't mix and match.

12. Library names are not brand names, nor are they concepts, so no need to
      transliterate. They are shorter namespaces so just use the English form.
      For example we will transliterate 'Tokenizer' when it is used to indicate
      a concept but not when it is the name of a library.

13. You need to surround the entire doc with a <div dir="rtl">, also separately
      for lists. They render in LTR with the current version of Huggingface docs
      if you don't do this and the preview will look ugly. Refer to our previously
      submitted pages.

      Also with function names that include ellipses you need to surround them with
      a SPAN. i.e. <span dir="ltr">pipeline()</span>
      These are stopgap measures for the preview to render correctly.

14. Put namespaces in backticks. Library names are shorter namespaces.

15. Persian sentences follow the format Subject-Object-Verb. That means it is
      generally expected that the sentences end in a verb. Again there is a lot of
      gray area here and we need to apply nuance. But try to keep that in mind.
      For example maybe don't end sentences in "هستند یا نه". Maybe, bc if you
      do, that is your creative choice and we respect that.

16. If a Persian equivalent for a word in the glossary has diacritics, they
      are important and should be repeated in every occurrence of the word.
      While we do want to facilitate our reader's access to the English source
      material by introducing loanwords and transliterating where we can, we
      also want to avoid confusion in the correct pronunciation of loanwords.
